CS 1566 FINAL PROJECT - Firework Display

Going Out With a Bang - An interactive fireworks show

Basic Idea:
	There are a few modes we'd like to implement. In order of completion (and importance), they are:
	1. A fireworks show, with accompanying (awesome) music, where the user fires off randomly generated fireworks.
	2. Recording/viewing of fireworks shows to spec files that can be read by other users.
	3. A 'fireworks builder' mode, where the user can adjust every aspect of the launch, trail, burst, sound, pattern, color, etc. to get just the right look.
	4. An interactive 'draw your own pattern' mode, where the user can essentially draw a shape (like a heart, or the letters 'PITT') and have fireworks explode in that image.
	
How?
	1.) 5-10 firing nozzles
	2.) nozzles are achieved with cylinders
	3.) Fireworks are generated from these nozzles
	4.) Firework 'trail' is achieved with a smaller cylinder(or sphere with a trail?)
	5.) Sound of shape is played when burst occurs
	6.) Burst is achieved by creating many spheres at burst point with shape direction and velocity
	7.) The burst's color, brightness, etc change as appropriate from the beginning to end of the explosion
	7.) Fireworks have shapes including BIG, DENSE, WILLOW, CIRCULAR, with more to come
	
Functionality?
	1.) User selects active cone with keyboard keys 1234567890 or qwertyuiop, or whichever keys they prefer
	2.) User hits space bar to set off a firework
	3.) If not set, the shape and color of the firework is random
	4.) Keyboard options to set shape and color
	5.) Speed and height of firework and burst location respectively are randomized within a buffer zone dependent on the shape
	
	
Roles
	
	Zach-
		Implementation of firework class and the 'explosion' effect
		Saving/Loading of firework show
		my_keyboard functionality, including user preferences
	
	Andy-
		Tweaking burst variable values to produce 5-10 standard firework types
		Determing buffer for randomized fireworks - height, radius, etc
		
	Both-
		OpenAL
		Fireworks builder mode
		Any extras
			
	
Completely Finalized and Accurate Schedule

	November 13 (at the earliest)
		Turn in hw6, heave a huge sigh, start working a bit on the final project.

	Nov. 20 (at the the latest)
		Turn in hw6, heave an even bigger sigh, start working quite a bit on the final project.

	Nov. 24
		Finish the basic skeleton, have a working prototype of a firework launching and exploding. Revel in awesomeness, and how easy the rest will be.

	December 1
		Finish the basic program (listed under Basic Idea - 1), realize that it wasn't quite as easy as expected, but know that surely the rest of the features will be a breeze.

	Dec. 6
		After 4 straight sleepless nights, finish adding additional features, begin polishing what we have and fixing any remaining bugs (as if there will be bugs..).

	Dec. 9
		Turn in awesome, finished project. Spend all night recording brilliant, synchronized firework displays rivaling Disney World.

	Dec. 10
		Present the awesome project to the world, bask in the glory of finishing such a large project. Realize it's finals week, silently let a single tear out.
